Do you remember that fictional bank we talked
about with the exploitable money transfer form.
Well, it's real and we want you to exploit its weakness.
The server for this project has two endpoints a banks
website and an evil URL where you'll be able to place your code.
The bank's URL gives us the log in page for the bank's website.
The password is super secret password and it's listed in the instructions.
Here's the bank's beautifully designed balance page.
My sister is coming to town,
so she'll need some spending money.
What you need to do is send the Umbrella Corporation 666 units,
but you can't just do it here on this site.
The other URL is the evil site.
This site hosts anything you put in the evil directory,
so you need to create a website that will send a CRF request to the bank.
This quiz will take a number of steps to complete,
but you're hocking a fake bank, so it's awesome.
You need to sign into the bank's website that
that evil website will have access to your logging cookie.
Then create a website in the evil folder that will send a post request to this URL.
The posted data needs to set the recipient to umbrella core and the amount to 666.
To send along the cookie data in effect request,
the credentials flag needs to be set to include.
If you do everything correctly the server will give you a token.
Now that's the server not the browser's console,
so check the terminal,
then enter that token here.
This exercise is larger than most.
Just take it step by step and make sure fetch request is accurate.
Check in the instruction notes for helping constructing a post request with fetch.